
Created: 2022/09/20

Created by: Andres Mancera Barreto

Last updated: 2023/09/22

Main README file for the Repository for the Productivity and Reproducibility in 
Ecology and Evolution mini-assignment.

To note:

 There are issues regarding 'renv' and I have not been able to fix them. 
 Everything works fine but the installation of packages, to fo this please use:
 utils::install.packages("package_name")
 
PREE:

  Main directory for the data management and R related work regarding the mini-assignment.
  This directory is divided in the following sub-directories and files:
  Wiki_PREE file: Serves as a dictionary for the project.
  - Five sub directories containing the data and information pertinent to the project that 
    was both used and created.
      1. 00_rawdata: Directory containing the data from the "penguinspalmer" 
          package in R that will be used for this project. This data is not to be edited.
          a. penguins.csv: Extracted database
          b. penguins_raw.csv: Extracted data base
          c. README file: Text file serving as a introduction and purpose of the directory.
      2. 01_scripts: Directory containing the scripts used for the project.
          a. PREE.R: R script
          b. PREE.Rmd: Markdown script.
      3. 02_tidydata: Directory where data that is created through the procedure will be stored.
          This data is to be maleable and used for result production and exploration.
      4. 03_figures: Directory where the figures, tables and similar will be stored.
      5. 04_preregistration: Directory containing the necessary information and scripts for the
          preregistration of the project.
      6. 05_manuscript: directory containing the pertinent information associated with the 
          manuscript produced from the process done.
      7. renv: Directory that contains the necessary information to replicate the 
          R environment in which this project was done.
  - Wiki_PREE: A dictionary of therms for the PREE project.
  
  File names where assigned to ease the finding of the project, the intituitive localization of 
  data as well as the organization of different parts of the project